
Prompt
A shocking Chinese AI advancement called DeepSeek is sending US stocks plunging
The US has been hit by a shock to its stock market after a Chinese company called Alibaba revealed that it had developed a new A.I. System called "DeepSeak" that can analyze vast amounts of data in a matter of seconds.
Deepeek, which is a part of Alipay, the Chinese payments giant, is said to be able to process 100 million transactions per second, making it the fastest Ai system in the world. The system is also said by Aibaba to have the potential to revolutionize the way businesses process data. However, it is not yet clear how exactly it will be used. A spokesperson for AIBaba said that the company is still in development and that they are not ready to reveal any details about the system. "We are still working on the Deepseek system and we are confident that we will have more information to share in due course," the spokesman said. Deep Seek has already been tested by the US Federal Reserve, and it has reportedly been used to analyze data on millions of transactions. It is unclear how the technology will impact the stock markets, but it could potentially lead to a significant increase in trading volumes.
Prompt
As sales slump, Kohl’s turns to a new CEO to bring back customers
- By David Baumann, Reuters, 10/29/08
Kohl's Corp. (KSS) Chief Executive Michael W. Fitzpatrick is stepping down, the company said on Wednesday, as it tries to turn around a sagging sales performance and revive flagging morale among its employees.
Fitzpatric, who has been with the retailer for 20 years, will be replaced by Michael H. Hsu, a 30-year veteran of the industry who currently serves as president of Kmart'S home division. The company also said it would replace its chief financial officer, Robert J. Gourley, with John Jensen, currently the chief operating officer of Sears Holdings Corporation (SHLD).
The moves come as Kohls, which has struggled to compete with discount retailsers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. And Target Corportation, has seen sales at its stores drop 4.5 percent in the third quarter. Sales at K-mart, its biggest division, fell 5.2 percent. KOH-N, +0.00%
"We are taking decisive action to address the challenges we face and to position KOHL'SK for long-term success," said KKR & Co. L.P. Chairman and Chief executive Henry Kravis, in a statement. "We believe that Michael and Michael'Hsu are the right leaders to help us achieve our goals."
HSU, an executive with more than 60 stores under his belt, was most recently president and chief executive of The Home Shopping Network, Inc., a unit of NBC Universal. He has also served as chief merchandising officer for Saks Fifth Avenue and as a senior vice president at Sara Lee Corpoation. In 9 years at Home Depot Inc (HD), HSU was senior executive vice-president of mergers and acquisitions and senior director of corporate development.
Prompt
Expect record-high egg prices for most of the year, with the average price for a dozen eggs expected to reach $3.50 to $4.00 by the end of 2019, according to the National Egg Board.
The price increase is expected due to a combination of factors, including a shortage of supply, a strong demand for eggs, and a lack of competition from other egg producers. The National Pork Producers Council estimates that the cost of pork production has increased by 10% over the past year.
